Use ViewContainerRef to create components in overlay service (#11685)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: CHANGELOG.md

- `Migrations`
    - Migrations now support Yarn berry (version 2+)

> - `IgxOverlayService` - `attache` method accepting `moduleRef` is deprecated due to deprecated Angular API. New overload is added accepting `viewComponentRef`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `IgxOverlayService` - `attach` method overload accepting `ComponentFactoryResolver`(through  `NgModuleRef`-like object) is now deprecated in line with API deprecated in Angular 13. New overload is added accepting `ViewContainerRef` that should be used instead
```

    - Added component validation along with styles for invalid state
- `IgxAvatar`
    - **Breaking Change** The `roundShape` property has been deprecated and will be removed in a future version. Users can control the shape of the avatar by the newly added `shape` attribute that can be either `square` or `rounded`. The default shape of the avatar is `square`. 
- `IgxOverlayService`

>     - `attache` method overload accepting `ComponentFactoryResolver` (trough `NgModuleRef`-like object) is now deprecated in line with API deprecated in Angular 13. New overload is added accepting `ViewComponentRef` that should be used instead.

Reviewer 2: Do we have an `attache` API method?
